# Approach Criteria Evidence

### Full Stack Pool
No. | Criteria | Evidence 
--- | --- | ---
a | assigned one leader, gave that person authority and responsibility, and held that person accountable for the quality of the prototype submitted | The Product Manager (PM) had full authority, was responsible for delivering the prototype, established prototype goals, and translated them into user stories for the project backlog. The PM also obtained the project resources.
b | assembled a multidisciplinary and collaborative team including a minimum of 5 labor categories from the Development Pool labor categories to design and develop the prototype | Our team consisted of 6 multidiscipline members who played key roles in the design and development of the prototype. [6 Multidiscipline Individuals](https://github.com/inforeliance/MedCheck/blob/master/Artifacts/Project%20Planning/Files/6%20Multidiscipline%20Individuals.md)
c | understand what people need, by including people in the prototype development and design process | We assigned three colleagues (not on the project) to represent target audience groups. These users were closely involved in the prototype development and design process by collecting feedback and interviews. Supporting evidence links: [Users](https://github.com/inforeliance/MedCheck/blob/master/Artifacts/Design/Design.md#users), [Feedback](https://github.com/inforeliance/MedCheck/blob/master/Artifacts/Design/Design.md#user-feedback), [Interviews](https://github.com/inforeliance/MedCheck/blob/master/Artifacts/Design/Design.md#interviews)
d | used at least three "human-centered design" techniques or tools | Recommendation: We used the following techniques and tools for this criteria: User Interviews, User Personas, Co-creation Session and Wireframe Links. Prototype links: [Interviews](https://github.com/inforeliance/MedCheck/blob/master/Artifacts/Design/Design.md#interviews), [User Personas](https://github.com/inforeliance/MedCheck/blob/master/Artifacts/Design/Design.md#user-personas), [co-creation-brainstorming-roleplaying-rapid-prototyping](https://github.com/inforeliance/MedCheck/blob/master/Artifacts/Design/Design.md#co-creation-brainstorming-roleplaying-rapid-prototyping), [Axure Wireframes](https://github.com/inforeliance/MedCheck/blob/master/Artifacts/Design/Design.md#axure-wire-frames) 
e | created or used a design style guide and/or a pattern library | The design team supplied the front-end development team with landing, sub-page and a style-guide sheet to reference for developing the MedCheck interfaces. The developers spliced the comps into responsive design interfaces. They leveraged Bower as the front-end dependency manager and implemented packages such as Bootstrap UI, Font Awesome and Toastr, to deliver the design vision.
f | performed usability tests with people | Our user group participated in user acceptance testing for each sprint and they provided valuable feedback for improving the user experience.  Their requests were added to the backlog and allocated to sprints as applicable. [Testing](https://github.com/inforeliance/MedCheck/blob/master/Artifacts/Testing/Testing.md)    
g | used an iterative approach, where feedback informed subsequent work or versions of the prototype | The team regularly reviewed the backlog and prioritized items to be allocated to a sprint.  We continue to support the improvement of our design via a feedback page within the MedCheck application.
h | created a prototype that works on multiple devices, and presents a responsive design | To build a prototype that works on multiple devices and presents a responsive design, we leveraged Bootstrap’s grid system.
i | used at least five modern and open-source technologies, regardless of architectural layer (front-end, back-end, etc.) | You may find the full list of MedCheck’s Open-source technologies in the [SOFTWARE.txt](https://github.com/inforeliance/MedCheck/blob/master/SOFTWARE.txt). 
j | deployed the prototype on an Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS) or Platform as a Service (PaaS) provider, and indicated which provider they used | MedCheck is deployed to Infrastructure as a Service (Iaas) utilizing Amazon Web Services (AWS). The overarching IaaS architecture includes a Test and Production tier, each running an Elastic Compute Cloud (EC2) instance of Ubuntu Server on an Elastic Load Balancer which provides access to the Test and Dev environments. AWS Code Deploy Services is also leveraged to accept the latest commits from GitHub.
k | wrote unit tests for their code | Front-end and back-end unit tests were written. Examples: [main.controller.spec.js](https://github.com/inforeliance/MedCheck/blob/master/Source/client/app/main/main.controller.spec.js) and [user.model.spec.js](https://github.com/inforeliance/MedCheck/blob/master/Source/server/api/user/user.model.spec.js). 
l | set up or used a continuous integration system to automate the running of tests and continuously deployed their code to their IaaS or PaaS provider | MedCheck’s code deploy and testing infrastructure as a service IaaS is completely automated and triggered after each commit is pushed to GitHub by a developer. GitHub triggers our YAML script, which pushes the source to AWS Code Deploy Services where the code is routed and staged on an EC2 instance for testing using Jasmine and Karma. Once testing passes, the source is built and moved to production. The overall process takes less than a minute to complete.
m | set up or used configuration management | We used Agilefant as our project tracking tool.  This tool contained our user stories, tracked our burn rate and velocity which we used for our sprint planning. [Agilefant Screenshots](https://github.com/inforeliance/MedCheck/blob/master/Artifacts/Project%20Planning/Files/Agilefant%20Screenshots.md)  
n | set up or used continuous monitoring | AWS Elastic Load Balancers are configured for continues monitor for both the Test and Production environments. Each ELB monitors the health of the EC2 instances and fault reports are triggered to the administrator in the event a fault is detected.
o | deploy their software in a container (i.e., utilized operating-system-level virtualization) | MedCheck's code was successfully deployed and run in a Docker container. For directions see: [Development Environment Container Deployment](https://github.com/inforeliance/MedCheck/blob/master/Artifacts/Development/Development.md#development-environment-container-deployment) for directions.
p | provided sufficient documentation to install and run their prototype on another machine | Development container instructions Development Environment Container Deployment [Development Environment Container Deployment](https://github.com/inforeliance/MedCheck/blob/master/Artifacts/Development/Development.md#development-environment-container-deployment)
q | prototype and underlying platforms used to create and run the prototype are openly licensed and free of charge | Comprehensive FREE software list [SOFTWARE.txt](https://github.com/inforeliance/MedCheck/blob/master/SOFTWARE.txt).
